Hello!

I currently work as a Senior Data Scientist at The New York Times. As a full-stack data scientist, I develop and deploy machine learning models for subscription-related problems, such as serving a paywall at optimal subscription moments or personalizing messages to drive subscriptions. These real-time models are based on causal machine learning principles and reinforcement learning such as contextual bandits. I write production-grade code in Go and Python to deploy these models in containerized applications. My early work at the company involved building production-scale batch models that determined user-level access to Times content (see [this blog post](https://open.nytimes.com/how-the-new-york-times-uses-machine-learning-to-make-its-paywall-smarter-e5771d5f46f8) or [this PyData talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CmS96K6-EE)). 

Prior to my role at The Times, I obtained a Ph.D. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). My thesis combined ideas from scientific machine learning, active matter, and fluid dynamics to build a computational framework for that can automatically learn macroscopic continuum models based on microscopic data of active matter systems. Some prominent examples of active matter systems that display collective phenomena are a suspension of bacteria, a swarm of micro-robots, or a collection of self-propelling colloidal particles. The over-arching goal of the work was to construct physical theories for such materials by incorporating physical conservation laws and symmetries into machine learning algorithms.